webpack: lockdown inlining (#1101)
LavaMoat/lavamoat: packages/webpack/README.md

> The plugin is emitting lockdown without the `.js` extension because that's the only way to prevent it from getting minified, which is likely to break it.

The LavaMoat plugin takes an options object with the following properties (all optional):

> | property                 | description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | default                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property                 | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Default                  |
```

| -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |

> | `policyLocation`           | Folder to store policy files in.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `./lavamoat/webpack`     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `policyLocation`           | Directory to store policy files in.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `./lavamoat/webpack`     |
```

Author: not sure why, but I don't mind.

| `generatePolicy`           | Whether to generate the `policy.json` file. Generated policy is used in the build immediately. `policy-override.json` is applied before bundling, if present.                                                                                                                                                         | `false`                  |

> | `emitPolicySnapshot`       | If enabled, emits the result of merging policy with overrides into the output folder of Webpack build for inspection. The file is not used by the bundle.                                                                                                                                                             | `false`                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `emitPolicySnapshot`       | If enabled, emits the result of merging policy with overrides into the output directory of Webpack build for inspection. The file is not used by the bundle.                                                                                                                                                             | `false`                  |
```

| `readableResourceIds`      | Boolean to decide whether to keep resource IDs human readable (possibly regardless of production/development mode). If `false`, they are replaced with a sequence of numbers. Keeping them readable may be useful for debugging when a policy violation error is thrown. By default, follows the Webpack config mode. | `(mode==='development')` |
| `lockdown`                 | Configuration for [SES lockdown][]. Setting the option replaces defaults from LavaMoat.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | reasonable defaults      |
| `HtmlWebpackPluginInterop` | Boolean to add a script tag to the HTML output for `./lockdown` file if `HtmlWebpackPlugin` is in use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `false`                  |

> | `inlineLockdown`           | Array of output filenames in which to inline lockdown (instead of adding it as a file to the output folder).                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `inlineLockdown`           | Array of output filenames in which to inline lockdown (instead of adding it as a file to the output directory).                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

> | policyLocation           | Folder to store policy files in.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `./lavamoat/webpack`     |
> | generatePolicy           | Whether to generate the policy.json file. Generated policy is used in the build immediately. `policy-override.json` is applied before bundling, if present.                                                                                                                                                        | `false`                  |
> | emitPolicySnapshot       | If enabled, emits the result of merging policy with overrides into the output folder of webpack build for inspection. The file is not used by the bundle.                                                                                                                                                          | `false`                  |
> | readableResourceIds      | Boolean to decide whether to keep resource IDs human readable (possibly regardless of production/development mode). If false, they are replaced with a sequence of numbers. Keeping them readable may be useful for debugging when a policy violation error is thrown. By default follows the webpack config mode. | `(mode==='development')` |
> | lockdown                 | set configuration for [SES lockdown][]. Setting the option replaces defaults from LavaMoat.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | reasonable defaults      |
> | HtmlWebpackPluginInterop | Boolean to add a script tag to the html output for ./lockdown file if HtmlWebpackPlugin is in use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                  |
> | inlineLockdown           | array of output filenames to inline lockdown into instead of adding it as a file to the output folder.                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
> | runChecks                | boolean property to indicate whether to check resulting code with wrapping for correctness.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `false`                  |
> | diagnosticsVerbosity     | number property to represent diagnostics output verbosity. A larger number means more overwhelming diagnostics output. Setting positive verbosity will enable runChecks.                                                                                                                                           | `0`                      |
> | policy                   | the LavaMoat policy object. (by default policy is loaded from files, this is an override)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `undefined`              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `policyLocation`           | Folder to store policy files in.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `./lavamoat/webpack`     |
| `generatePolicy`           | Whether to generate the `policy.json` file. Generated policy is used in the build immediately. `policy-override.json` is applied before bundling, if present.                                                                                                                                                        | `false`                  |
| `emitPolicySnapshot`       | If enabled, emits the result of merging policy with overrides into the output folder of Webpack build for inspection. The file is not used by the bundle.                                                                                                                                                          | `false`                  |
| `readableResourceIds`      | Boolean to decide whether to keep resource IDs human readable (possibly regardless of production/development mode). If `false`, they are replaced with a sequence of numbers. Keeping them readable may be useful for debugging when a policy violation error is thrown. By default, follows the Webpack config mode. | `(mode==='development')` |
| `lockdown`                 | Configuration for [SES lockdown][]. Setting the option replaces defaults from LavaMoat.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | reasonable defaults      |
| `HtmlWebpackPluginInterop` | Boolean to add a script tag to the HTML output for `./lockdown` file if `HtmlWebpackPlugin` is in use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                  |
| `inlineLockdown`           | Array of output filenames in which to inline lockdown (instead of adding it as a file to the output folder).                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `runChecks`                | Boolean property to indicate whether to check resulting code with wrapping for correctness.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `false`                  |
| `diagnosticsVerbosity`     | Number property to represent diagnostics output verbosity. A larger number means more overwhelming diagnostics output. Setting a positive verbosity will enable `runChecks`.                                                                                                                                           | `0`                      |
| `policy`                   | The LavaMoat policy object (if not loading from file; see `policyLocation`)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `undefined`              |
```

Author: thank you

This plugin will skip policy enforcement for such ignored modules.

# Security

> **This is an experimental technology. Use at your own risk!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**This is an experimental software. Use at your own risk!**
```

- [SES lockdown][] must be added to the page without any bundling or transforming for any security guarantees to be sustained.
  - The plugin is attempting to add it as an asset to the compilation for the sake of Developer Experience. `.js` extension is omitted to prevent minification.

>   - Optionally lockdown can be inlined into the bundle files. It's hard to determine which files are loaded when, so providing filenames for scripts that get to load as the first script on the page to apply lockdown only once is how one uses inlining.

Reviewer: This sentence is a little hard to understand

Author: It was even harder to write :sweat_smile:

>   - Optionally lockdown can be inlined into the bundle files. It's hard to determine how entries in the config are deployed and used, so you need to list the scripts that get to load as the first script on theDo we have page to apply lockdown only once when inlined. When you have a single bundle, you just configure a list with one element. It gets more complex with builds for multiple pages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Optionally, lockdown can be inlined into the bundle files. The user is expected to provide a list of the scripts allowed to load as the first script on the page.
```

The rest of the text doesn't really seem relevant for the user (and the "single-item-can-be-provided-as-single-element-list" should be obvious)

Author: While the wording could be better (and I can see a copy-paste error now), I insist on explaining that we can't simply infer this from the webpack configuration and need the user to specify files to inline into.

Reviewer 2: I think it's enough to make it clear that we need the user to specify the files - alluding to our perceived difficulty in automatically deriving it isn't really helpful and comes off at an attempt at an excuse at best and confusing at worst (:

Author: It is an excuse for the folks with a basic setup where there's only one resulting bundle file that I decided not to support for consistency. Wanna change that?

Reviewer 2: I think the behavior is fine and I agree we should make it clear what configuration is required. But let's stick to the point and keep any discussion of implementation difficulties in developer docs as opposed to readme?
